Using Same tables as of Assignment-2


1) Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from EmployeeDetails table using the alias name as <WORKER_NAME>.
2) Write an SQL query to fetch “FIRST_NAME” from EmployeeDetails table in upper case.
3) Write an SQL query to fetch unique values of DEPARTMENT from EmployeeDetails table.
4) Write an SQL query to print the first three characters of  FIRST_NAME from EmployeeDetails table.
5) Write an SQL query to find the position of the alphabet (‘a’) in the first name column ‘Amitabh’ from EmployeeDetails table.
6) Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from EmployeeDetails table after removing white spaces from the right side.
7) Write an SQL query to print the DEPARTMENT from EmployeeDetails table after removing white spaces from the left side.
8) Write an SQL query that fetches the unique values of DEPARTMENT from EmployeeDetails table and prints its length
9) Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME from EmployeeDetails table after replacing ‘a’ with ‘A’.
10) Write an SQL query to print the FIRST_NAME and LAST_NAME from EmployeeDetails table into a single column COMPLETE_NAME. A space char should separate them.
11) Write an SQL query to print all employee details from the EmployeeDetails table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending.
12) Write an SQL query to print all employee details from the EmployeeDetails table order by FIRST_NAME Ascending and DEPARTMENT Descending.
13) Write an SQL query to print details for employee with the first name as “Vipul” and “Satish” from EmployeeDetails table.
14) Write an SQL query to print details for employee excluding the first name as “Vipul” and “Satish” from EmployeeDetails table.
15) Write an SQL query to print details of employee with DEPARTMENT name like “Admin”.
16) Write an SQL query to print details of the employee whose FIRST_NAME contains ‘a’.
17) Write an SQL query to print details of the employee whose FIRST_NAME ends with ‘a’.
18)  Write an SQL query to print details of the employee whose FIRST_NAME ends with ‘h’ and contains six alphabets.
19) Write an SQL query to print details of the employee whose SALARY lies between 100000 and 500000.
20)  Write an SQL query to print details of the employee who have joined in Feb’2014.
21) Write an SQL query to fetch the count of employees working in the department ‘Admin’.
22) Write an SQL query to fetch worker names with salaries >= 50000 and <= 100000.
23) Write an SQL query to fetch the no. of workers for each department in the descending order.
24) Write an SQL query to fetch duplicate records having matching data in some fields of a table.
25) Write an SQL query to show only odd rows from a table.
26) Write an SQL query to show only even rows from a table. 
27) Write an SQL query to show the current date and time.
28) Write an SQL query to show the top n (say 10) records of a table. 
29) Write an SQL query to determine the nth (say n=5) highest salary from a table.
30) Write an SQL query to determine the 5th highest salary without using TOP or limit method.
31) Write an SQL query to fetch the list of employees with the same salary.
32) Write an SQL query to show the second highest salary from a table.
33) Write an SQL query to fetch the first 50% records from a table.
34) Write an SQL query to fetch the departments that have less than five people in it.
35) Write an SQL query to show all departments along with the number of people in there.
36) Write an SQL query to show the last record from a table.
37) Write an SQL query to fetch the first row of a table.
38) Write an SQL query to fetch the last five records from a table.
39) Write an SQL query to fetch departments along with the total salaries paid for each of them. 
40) Write an SQL query to fetch the names of workers who earn the highest salary.
41) Write a query to display the name, department, Salary for those employees who works in the same department as the employee works whose id is 2.
42) Select Name, age, Department from details where Department = (select Department from details where id=2 )
43) Write a query to display all the details  for those employees who earn such amount of salary which is the smallest salary of any of the departments.